/* 
Collections
*/

Collections is an inbuilt framework in Java
 that provides a set of classes and interfaces for working with groups of objects.
  It includes data structures
 like lists, sets, and maps, as well as algorithms for sorting and searching.
 
 it is available in the java.util package.
 
1. Mutable vs Immutable
------------------------

   Mutable Classes:
    Classes for which instance members can be changed after the object is created.
    
    Ex: All collections classes in Java are mutable.
   
   Immutable Classes:
    Classes for which instance members cannot be changed after the object is created.
    If you want to change the value, you have to create a new object.
    
    example: String is an immutable class.
   
   
   
String ---------> "Rakesh" --> Memory location  -- hashcode1
                  "Rakesh krishna" ---- Different Memory location - hashcode2


Mutable -------------> new Mutable("Rakesh");  - Hashcode1
                                    name
					?? name is modifiable the value of name is modifiable
					name --> Kumar -Hashcode1
					
Prominence of Object class
----------------------------

In java,
whether you inherit or not
All the classes implicitly inherit from the Object class.
Object class is part of the java.lang package.

In short, Every class in Java is a subclass of the Object class.


Generics
----------


Collections
------------

     List
        - List is linear collection of elements.
        - List is generic in nature.
        - It allows duplicate elements.
        - It maintains the insertion order of elements.
        - It allows null elements.
        - It is index based. (accessed by index)
        - Insertions and deletions are allowed at any position.
        
        List is an interface in Java that extends the Collection interface.
        List provides methods to manipulate the elements in a sequential manner.
        
        the implementations of the List interface include:
        - ArrayList
        - LinkedList
        
    
    
     Set
    
    
    
     Map
